READme.md, before:

# TITLE

#### _ SUBTITLE _

By **Ryan G Ferris**

## DESCRIPTION

_DESCRIPTION_

## SPECS

| Behavior | Input | Output |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| Behavior_1 | Input_1 | Output_1 |
| Behavior_2 | Input_2 | Output_2 |
| Behavior_3 | Input_3 | Output_3 |
| Behavior_4 | Input_4 | Output_4 |
| Behavior_5 | Input_5 | Output_5 |
| Behavior_6 | Input_6 | Output_6 |
| Behavior_7 | Input_7 | Output_7 |
| Behavior_8 | Input_8 | Output_8 |
| Behavior_9 | Input_9 | Output_9 |
| Behavior_10 | Input_10 | Output_10 |

## SETUP/INSTALLATION REQUIREMENTS

* Download and install an up to date web browser
* Click on the following [link](https://github.com/ryanglenferris/wk4-project.git) to use the PROGRAM_TITLE

## KNOWN BUGS

_There are currently no known bugs or issues. Please [message](mailto:ryanglenferris@gmail.com) me if you run into any and I'll do my best to fix them as quickly as possible!_

## SUPPORT AND CONTACT DETAILS

_Email me at [ryanglenferris@gmail.com](mailto:ryanglenferris@gmail.com) if you have any questions, comments, concerns, or just a general desire to chat with me! I look forward to hearing from you!_

## TECHNOLOGIES USED

* _HTML_
* _CSS_
* _Materialize_
* _jQuery_
* _Git_
* _GitHub_

### LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2017 ****_Ryan G Ferris_****

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

readme specs
update program specs in the READme file

READme.md, after:

# **PIZZA**

Order Pizza from PIZZA Shop!

By **Ryan G Ferris**

## DESCRIPTION

_Website that will allow customers to order a Pizza online from the famously delicious PIZZA Shop!_

## SPECS

| Behavior | Input | Output |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| Add up the price of Pizza toppings | pepperoni & pineapple | price: 10.00 |
| Add toppings to a Pizza | Add pepperoni & pineapple to cheese pizza | pepperoni & pineapple pizza |
| Change price of Pizza according to size | 12-inch to 18-inch pizza | price: 18.00 |

## SETUP/INSTALLATION REQUIREMENTS

* Download and install an up to date web browser
* [Click here](https://ryanglenferris.github.io/wk4-project/) to use the online PIZZA program!

## KNOWN BUGS

_There are currently no known bugs or issues. Please [message](mailto:ryanglenferris@gmail.com) me if you run into any and I'll do my best to fix them as quickly as possible!_

## SUPPORT AND CONTACT DETAILS

_Email me at [ryanglenferris@gmail.com](mailto:ryanglenferris@gmail.com) if you have any questions, comments, concerns, or just a general desire to chat with me! I look forward to hearing from you!_

## TECHNOLOGIES USED

* _HTML_
* _CSS_
* _Materialize_
* _jQuery_
* _Git_
* _GitHub_

### LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2017 ****_Ryan G Ferris_****

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
